{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17760\viewh12200\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}What is Node.js ?\
{\listtext	2.	}Why and where Node.js is used ?\
{\listtext	3.	}Why and where Node.js is preferred ?\
{\listtext	4.	}What are the advantages and disadvantages of Node.js ?\
{\listtext	5.	}What are the features of Node.js ?\
{\listtext	6.	}What is libuv ?\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	7.	}What is purpose of v8 engine ?\
{\listtext	8.	}What does event-driven programming mean ?\
{\listtext	9.	}What are callbacks ?\
{\listtext	10.	}What is error-first callback ?\
{\listtext	11.	}What is callback hell ? How to avoid it ?\
{\listtext	12.	}What are Promises ? Why do we use ?\
{\listtext	13.	}What is npm in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	14.	}When should you use npm and when yarn ?\
{\listtext	15.	}What is the command that is used in Node.js to import external libraries ?\
{\listtext	16.	}Explain Event loop ?\
{\listtext	17.	}Name the type of API functions in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	18.	}Difference between single threaded and multi threaded applications ?\
{\listtext	19.	}Why Node.js is single threaded ?\
{\listtext	20.	}Can you access DOM in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	21.	}What is REPL  ?  What is the purpose it is used for ?\
{\listtext	22.	}What is the use of underscore variable in REPL ?\
{\listtext	23.	}What is global installation of dependencies ?\
{\listtext	24.	}What is local installation of dependencies ?\
{\listtext	25.	}What is package.json ?\
{\listtext	26.	}What is blocking code ?\
{\listtext	27.	}What is Event Emitter ?\
{\listtext	28.	}What is Piping in Node ?\
{\listtext	29.	}What is the purpose of Buffer class in Node ?\
{\listtext	30.	}What is fs module and why do we use it in Node ?\
{\listtext	31.	}What is the difference between synchronous and asynchronous methods of fs module ?\
{\listtext	32.	}What are streams ? Types of streams ?\
{\listtext	33.	}What is Chaining in Node ?\
{\listtext	34.	}What is the purpose of setTimeout function ?\
{\listtext	35.	}What is the purpose of setInterval function ?\
{\listtext	36.	}What is the difference between setImmediate() and setTimeout() ?\
{\listtext	37.	}What is process.nextTick() ?\
{\listtext	38.	}What is the purpose of process object ?\
{\listtext	39.	}List out some properties of process ?\
{\listtext	40.	}Difference between Node.js and Ajax ?\
{\listtext	41.	}What are the challenges you faced with Node.js ?\
{\listtext	42.	}Explain Child process module?\
{\listtext	43.	}How does Node.js handle child threads ?\
{\listtext	44.	}What is the preferred method of resolving unhandled exceptions in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	45.	}How does Node.js support multi-processor platforms, and does it fully utilize all processor resources ?\
{\listtext	46.	}What are exit codes in Node.js ? List some exit codes.\
{\listtext	47.	}What is the difference between Angular JS and Node JS ?\
{\listtext	48.	}Why is consistent style important and what tools can be used to assure it ?\
{\listtext	49.	}How to do you export a module in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	50.	}What is Tracing in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	51.	}How will you debug an application in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	52.	}What are some most popular modules in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	53.	}How can you make sure your dependencies are safe ?\
{\listtext	54.	}How Node.js can be more scalable ?\
{\listtext	55.	}Explain console in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	56.	}Is Node.js used in client side or server side application ?\
{\listtext	57.	}Explain Stub ?\
{\listtext	58.	}Why to use \'91__filename\'92 in Node.js ?\
{\listtext	59.	}Explain Web Server ?\
{\listtext	60.	}Explain  RESTful Web Service ?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
}